[actions] adds config allowing per-host networking options (#96630)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/alert-action-settings.asciidoc

  +
  Note that hosts associated with built-in actions, such as Slack and PagerDuty, are not automatically added to allowed hosts. If you are not using the default `[*]` setting, you must ensure that the corresponding endpoints are added to the allowed hosts as well.

| `xpack.actions.customHostSettings` {ess-icon} 
  | A list of custom host settings to override existing global settings. It

>   defaults to an empty list. In the example below, a custom host setting for a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  defaults to an empty list. In the following example, a custom host setting for a
```

  mail server is configured to not bypass certificate validation, provide
  server certificate data from both a file and inline, and require TLS for the
  connection.

|===

[source,yaml]
--
xpack.actions.customHostSettings:
  - url: smtp://mail.example.com
    tls: 
      rejectUnauthorized: false
      certificateAuthoritiesFiles: [ 'one.crt' ]
      certificateAuthoritiesData: |
          -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
          ... multiple lines of certificate data here ...
          -----END CERTIFICATE-----
    smtp:
      requireTLS: true
--

[cols="2*<"]
|===

| `xpack.actions.customHostSettings[n].url` {ess-icon}
  | A URL associated with this custom host setting.  Should be in form
  `protocol://hostname:port`, where `protocol` is `https` or `smtp`.  If the

>   port is not provided, 443 will be used for `https` and 25 will be used for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  port is not provided, 443 is used for `https` and 25 is used for
```

>   `smtp`.  The `smtp` URLs will be used for the Email actions which use this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `smtp`.  The `smtp` URLs are used for the Email actions that use this
```

>   server, and the `https` URLs will be used for actions which use `https` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  server, and the `https` URLs are used for actions that use `https` to
```

  connect to services.

>   Note that no other URL values should be part of this URL, including paths,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  No other URL values should be part of this URL, including paths,
```

  query strings, and authentication information.  When an http or smtp request

>   is being made as part of executing an action, only the protocol, hostname and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is made as part of executing an action, only the protocol, hostname, and
```

  port of the URL for that request are used to look up these configuration
  values.

> | `xpack.actions.customHostSettings[n].smtp.ignoreTLS` {ess-icon}

Reviewer: xpack.actions
.customHostSettings[n]
.stmp.ignoreTLS {ess-icon}

  | A boolean value indicatting that TLS must not be used for this connection.

| `xpack.actions.customHostSettings[n].smtp.requireTLS` {ess-icon}
  | A boolean value indicatting that TLS must be used for this connection.

| `xpack.actions.customHostSettings[n].tls.rejectUnauthorized` {ess-icon}

>   | A boolean value indicating whether to bypass to certificate validation

Reviewer: Can this be 2 sentences:

A boolean value indicating whether to bypass to certificate validation. Overrides the general xpack.actions.rejectUnauthorized configuration for requests made for this hostname/port.

  and overrides the general `xpack.actions.rejectUnauthorized` configuration,
  just for requests made for this hostname/port.

| `xpack.actions.customHostSettings[n].tls.certificateAuthoritiesFiles` {ess-icon}
  | A file name or list of file names of PEM-encoded certificate files which

>   should be used to validate the server.

Reviewer: Suggest this text:

A file name or list of file names of PEM-encoded certificate files to use to validate the server.

>   should be used to validate the server.

Author: Problem with this "style", is that I can't actually use the `{ess-icon}` here.  It shows up literally :-)

I ended up doing it the same as the "broken" `xpack.encryptedSavedObjects .encryptionKey` style already in use here, but I think this is ok since it's unlikely customers would use the "single key/value" approach to setting these values; I'd guess they will use a complete "object" like the example provided in the doc.

| `xpack.actions.customHostSettings[n].tls.certificateAuthoritiesData` {ess-icon}
  | The contents of a PEM-encoded certificate file, or multiple files appended
  into a single string.  This configuration can be used for environments where

>   the files themselves cannot be made available.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the files cannot be made available.  
```

Reviewer: Looks like there is an error with the format of the description for this setting:

xpack.actions.responseTimeout

Author: I wonder if something changed?  Can no longer use `|` within back-tick'd blocks?  I ended up changing the `|` to `,`, which looks fine, and did a little formatting to get the back-ticked section to not split across a line.
